Hello, and welcome back.
This is Fernando Medina Corey and in this module we'll be
looking at Getting Started with AWS IoT.
In this module, we'll be taking a look at two areas.
The first will be device software.
We'll be looking at things like Amazon FreeRTOS,
Amazon IoT Greengrass, and AWS IoT Device SDK.
And each of these areas will allow us to understand more about the software
that runs on IoT devices when we're interacting with AWS IoT.
Now after that, we'll take a look at some management services,
specifically we'll look at the Device Gateway,
which will help us manage connections into AWS IoT and out of it,
we'll also look at authentication and authorization and how
AWS IoT handles both of those processes.
We'll look at the Thing Registry,
so how we can register our different IoT things and devices in order
to keep track of them and manage them effectively,
as well as the Fleet Indexing Service to allow us to take some of the
information about out things and effectively index it and search
through it when we need to do different tasks,
like finding various devices.
We'll also look at the Jobs Service,
which will help us deal with our devices after we've already sent
applications out to them and maybe we want to update them or take
different changes on those devices.
After that, we'll look at Device Defender,
which will help us both audit and secure our devices from attacks or
potential misconfigurations that we may accidentally leave.
Now in addition to Device Defender, we'll also look at some AWS IoT jargon,
just so we can kind of understand the broader picture around a few
different terms that get thrown around in relation to AWS IoT.
So I'll go ahead and see you in the next video and we'll get started taking a look at some device software.